---
layout: blog-post
title: Reflection 2024
date:   2024-12-31
author: Addy
tags: new years
---

# Timeline
Let's do the month-by-month I did last year

## January
I attended Further Confusion in San Jose, as usual.

## February
Visited the 

## March
San Jose trip
	Computer History Museum
	Intel Museum
Watched ADGTH at LVFC

## April
Hockey
LVL UP

## May
Shooting at Fort Irwin
Crashed and burned

## June
Annual Training
Theater

## July
Moved, fire
Lucky
Summer session

## August
DEF CON
SUmmer Classes
Weight

## September
Game Night
AFC

## October
Mixfur
Pride Parade
BLFC
San Jose trip

## November
Election Day
SIGEX
Pigeon eggs
Phone got stolen
Transgender Day of Rememberance
Thanksgiving
San Jose trip

## December
PT Test
Finals
Christmas decorations

# Reflection

I don’t know. This year’s been kinda mid. Same with 2023 to be honest. It didn’t suck per se, but this feeling that I’ve been stagnating and that I'm basically in the same spot I was back at the start of the decade. And that's kind of the theme for this year: stagnation.

On the bright side, I did get over my frustration over LVFC's 21+ policy. I ended up fully stepping down from LVFC staff because I completely lost interest.

There was a brief moment in the middle where the hope that we'd avoid a second Trump administration actually gave me some reason to care about...anything. But of course, that hope died about two months ago.

For college, I mostly just failed classes this year? Everything feels overwhelming, like I feel burnt-out despite not really having anything worthwhile. I don't know why, but I just feel tired all the time. I never want to do anything, and time keeps passing without me noticing. Deadlines pass, plans go unfulfilled, and I forget what I'm supposed to do. I keep feeling like no matter what I do, nothing will change for the better.

The big thing that happened this year, unfortunately, was the death of my beloved Lucky, my childhood dog who was the inspiration for my fursona. After desperately hoping that he'd get better if I just kept spending money on tests, we were forced to put him down, a month before his 16th birthday. That dog was like a brother to me, and I just hope that he was happy with the life we gave him over a decade and a half.

Money's still an issue. I've had two major thefts, major vet bills, and I lost my tuition over grades and performance. My head's still above water, but occasionally I'll have a nervous breakdown over the issue.

I'm sorry for this downer of a post. A lot of people are talking about how great 2024 was for them, but I guess this just wasn't my year. I can't believe I'm saying this, I miss 2021 and 2022.

On a brighter note though, I still have that naive optimism for the future that I always do at New Years. Maybe I shouldn't, but I'm starting to suspect it's just who I am.

Because I'm stubborn as f***.

Happy New Year everyone. And see you in 2025.