---
layout: blog-post
title: Reflection 2024
date:   2024-12-31
author: Addy
tags: new years
---

# Timeline
Let's do the month-by-month I did last year

## January
I attended Further Confusion in San Jose, as usual.

## February
Visited the Las Vegas Wetlands. My partner, Violet, went to Germany for work.

## March
Went to San Jose to see my other partner, Khromatic. We went to the Computer History and Intel Museums. I had a lot of fun.

At the end of the month was LVFC, where I had a viewing party at my hotel room of All Dogs Go to Heaven for my friends who weren't old enough to attend the actual con.

## April
I saw a Vegas Knights hockey game for the first time in-person sincd 2021. I also worked LVL UP Expo as a panel manager. Made a good chunk of change from that too.

## May
I went shooting at Fort Irwin.

## June
Annual training, so a lot of long hours in the hot sun working on equipment.

## July
Violet and I moved to a much bigger apartment...the same day the building next door caught fire. It's still there. Also, I started summer classes and my dog...I'll talk about that later.

## August
DEF CON! Although we did have to limit how many people were at the Defcon Furs room party because of management, so I couldn't be there long.

## September
Game Night
AFC

## October
Mixfur
Pride Parade
BLFC
San Jose trip

## November
Election Day
SIGEX
Pigeon eggs
Phone got stolen
Transgender Day of Rememberance
Thanksgiving
San Jose trip

## December
PT Test
Finals
Christmas decorations

# Reflection

I don’t know. This year’s been kinda mid. Same with 2023 to be honest. It didn’t suck per se, but this feeling that I’ve been stagnating and that I'm basically in the same spot I was back at the start of the decade. And that's kind of the theme for this year: stagnation.

On the bright side, I did get over my frustration over LVFC's 21+ policy. I ended up fully stepping down from LVFC staff because I completely lost interest.

There was a brief moment in the middle where the hope that we'd avoid a second Trump administration actually gave me some reason to care about...anything. But of course, that hope died about two months ago.

For college, I mostly just failed classes this year? Everything feels overwhelming, like I feel burnt-out despite not really having anything worthwhile. I don't know why, but I just feel tired all the time. I never want to do anything, and time keeps passing without me noticing. Deadlines pass, plans go unfulfilled, and I forget what I'm supposed to do. I keep feeling like no matter what I do, nothing will change for the better.

The big thing that happened this year, unfortunately, was the death of my beloved Lucky, my childhood dog who was the inspiration for my fursona. After desperately hoping that he'd get better if I just kept spending money on tests, we were forced to put him down, a month before his 16th birthday. That dog was like a brother to me, and I just hope that he was happy with the life we gave him over a decade and a half.

Money's still an issue. I've had two major thefts, major vet bills, and I lost my tuition over grades and performance. My head's still above water, but occasionally I'll have a nervous breakdown over the issue.

I'm sorry for this downer of a post. A lot of people are talking about how great 2024 was for them, but I guess this just wasn't my year. I can't believe I'm saying this, I miss 2021 and 2022.

On a brighter note though, I still have that naive optimism for the future that I always do at New Years. Maybe I shouldn't, but I'm starting to suspect it's just who I am.

Because I'm stubborn as f***.

Happy New Year everyone. And see you in 2025.